FIB 1.3.1 Documentation Update (#77)
fraud-intelligence-limited/fil-documentation: src/api-specification/contribution-controller/assembling-a-contribution.md

    fraudType: 'IPFraud',
    origination: 'SE',
    destination: 'GB'
    sourcePeerId: 'mad_hatter'
  }
]
```

::: info

> The value must be a valid FIB user, otherwise an error is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for `sourcePeerId` must be a registered peer identifier, otherwise an error is returned.
```

::: info

> The `source` field is optional and is the same as the `sourcePeerId` value when [retrieving contributions](retrieving-contributions.md).

Reviewer 2: There have been some changes. 
1. The "source" has been renamed to "**sourcePeerId.**" Therefore, it is necessary to update this attribute in other parts of the document as well.
2. This part is no longer relevant: "The 'source' field is optional and is the same as the 'sourcePeerId'..."
